                           --o INSTALL o--

    ---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---

/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
For upgrading from a previous installation of WIKINDX, read docs/UPGRADE.txt.
/////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////

Simple installation instructions (help for WIKINDX use is included in
the system and is accessed through the web browser).

REQUIREMENTS:

1/ You must have the ability to create a database and grant permissions
(GRANT ALL) on a MySQL server.

2/ Read/Write access to your web server's documents folder.

3/ (It is assumed you have a working MySQL database server and
PHP-enabled web server.)

4/ Any operating system capable of running the above.

5/ Windows users wishing to run WIKINDX as a single user on a desktop
machine, may be interested in the XAMPP or WTServer servers which are a
one-step install of Apache/PHP/MySQL. Instructions can be found at
https://wikindx.sourceforge.io/.

NB:

1/ WIKINDX will neither create the database nor grant appropriate
permissions (GRANT ALL) - you must do this manually and save a copy of
config.php.dist as config.php and edit it with the MySQL access data.
PHPMyAdmin users (for Windows users, this utility for managing MySQL
databases comes with the server) can find instructions for this at
https://wikindx.sourceforge.io/.

2/ Some PHP distributions (notably on Linux Mandriva) come without PHP
extensions that are standard on other distributions. Importantly, the
GD, mbstring, and XML extensions must be enabled on Mandriva (and
possibly other Linux distributions).

3/ The CURL PHP extension is not mandatory in WIKINDX but is used in
some circumstances. For example, from v5.9.1, components such as plugins
and styles can be managed from the Admin|Components interface if CURL
is installed â€“ without CURL, components must be installed manually by
downloading them from the Sourceforge server. It's not recommend to
disable CURL and manage components by hand.

4/ The standard PHP/Apache installation has a memory_limit of 3
Megabytes configured in php.ini. In most cases, this is sufficient to
run WIKINDX. However, there are some instances (PHP/Apache installations
with particular configurations or extras, for example) where this memory
limit may need to be increased. An indication of this is typically an
unexpected blank page following a WIKINDX operation or, if error
reporting is turned on, an error message detailing a lack of memory. If
either of these symptoms occur, increase php.ini's memory_limit in steps
of 4 Megabytes until it is working again.

5/ If your database is over 1500 resources and you expect to export
(with the importexport plugin) lists of resources of at least this
length, then you should set public $WIKINDX_MEMORY_LIMIT = "64M"; in
config.php in order to avoid memory allocation errors.

 ---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---

INSTALLATION:

1/ Unzip WIKINDX into a new folder on your web server -- it will create
a wikindx/ folder.

2/ Create a new MySQL database (e.g. 'wikindx5') and GRANT ALL
permissions on it to your wikindx user.

3/ Copy wikindx/config.php.dist to wikindx/config.php and edit the
latter (a lot of configuration options are accessible via the web
browser interface once installation is complete but, as a minimum, you
will need to set the MySQL database access protocols).

4/ Ensure that
'cache/',
'data/',
'components/plugins/',
'components/templates/',
'components/styles/',
'components/vendor/'

and the files and folders within these folders are readable and writable
(and in some case execution for PHP) by the web server user (usually
'nobody', 'www-data', or 'daemon').

So you have to modify, the owner, the group and the permission bits
according to the particular configuration of your web server, PHP and
file transfer software.  You may also be required to add the execution
bit in certain cases. The same rights apply to files in these folders.
See the chmod, web server and PHP manuals for details.

If you are running WIKINDX locally on Windows (using something like
XAMPP), you can skip this step as the folders will be writable by
default.

IIS has not been tested and uses the Windows permissions model.  No
control is done in this case.

The following commands should give a good result in the general case
where the webserver user should be "user" or "group" (760, 670 or 770
should work):

  cd my_website_root_folder
  chown -R user:group *
  chmod -R 770 *

As a last resort you can use the 777 mode but it is a major security
flaw.  You don't have to get to this end if the owners are set up
correctly.

When your web site code is a clone of the SVN repository (not
recommended) the owner of the root SVN folder, .svn folders, and all
files and folders under .svn need to be readable, writable and
executable (7).

Wikindx create folders with 777 permissions so that it works in all
cases, notably the installation of the core and components, for managing
caches and data. You can correct it later if you want the best possible
security.

WARNING: if you started to install without taking into account the
persmissions you may find yourself blocked with a blank page because of
the template system which creates incomplete cached files. Each time you
configure permissions, delete all the files and folders found under the
cache/templates/tree.

5/ If you want an embeded spell checker, you need to enable enchant
extension in your php.ini or .htaccess file. See your webserver manual.

6/ Finally, run v6 through your web browser (http://<server>/wikindx)
and follow the instructions there to complete the installation.

7/ Have fun!

 ---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---

NOTE:

1/ The data/files/ directory is used for the temporary storage of RTF,
RIS, Endnote, BibTeX and other files for the user to download. The
scripts within WIKINDX will mark these files for deletion after so many
seconds have passed since their last modification (you can configure
this through the web browser) . This doesn't necessarily mean that they
will be immediately deleted: they will be deleted the next time someone
exports a file.

2/ Since v6.3.6 language packs are builtin.

3/ Bibliographic style packs are available as separate downloads from
the sourceforge site. They act like plug-ins so simply extract them
(with their directory structure) to the components/styles/ directory to
make them instantly available. NB - to be able to edit them, ensure the
XML files are writeable by the web server user.

4/ Other plug-in modules, extending the functionality of WIKINDX, are
available from the sourceforge site. Unzip these with their directory
structure to components/plugins/. v3.x plug-ins will not work with
WIKINDX v5.  To allow plug-ins to be administered from within WIKINDX,
ensure that each plugin's config.php and index.php are writeable by the
web server user.

5/ There is an optional RSS feed and WIKINDX content may be accessed via
Content Management Systems such as Moodle, WordPress, etc. See
docs/README_RSS and docs/README_CMS for details.

    ---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---:::---

--
Mark Grimshaw-Aagaard
The WIKINDX Team 2020
sirfragalot@users.sourceforge.net
