+++
title = "6.0.8"
date = 2020-02-10T00:08:41+01:00
disableToc = true
+++

***Focus**: Minor bug fixes and feature enhancements.*

**NB: THIS VERSION IS THE LAST SUPPORTING PHP 5.6 AND AN UPGRADE FROM WIKINDX 3.8 TO 6.**

# Bugs

* Fix a syntaxic error in importexportbib plugin.
* Fix memory leak when email resource change notifications (https://sourceforge.net/p/wikindx/v5bugs/207/).
* Fix memory leak when upgrading database and compiling the statistics.
* Fix the initialisation of configUserRegistrationModerate config variable.
* Fix some test error in the global configuration screen.
* Add a missing initialisation of configLastChangesDayLimit config variable.
* Add a missing initialisation of configPagingTagCloud config variable.
* Remove config options added by mistake (configMaxWriteChunk, configCaptchaPublicKey, configCaptchaPrivateKey, configRegistrationModerate).
* Fix the configRestrictUserId default value 0 to instead of FALSE.
* Fix the configLdapDn default value "" to instead of FALSE.
* Fix a character case error for option configListLink.
* Fix the name of the default values of global options.
* Fix a global option name (configSqlEmail => configDebugEmail).
* Fix the LDAP Server validity check.
* Fix a crash on a first install when the statistics are compiled without resources available.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_CONTACT_EMAIL.
* Add a missing default value for WIKINDX_DEACTIVATE_RESOURCE_TYPES (configDeactivateResourceTypes).
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_EMAIL_CONTACT.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_EMAIL_NEWREGISTRATIONS.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_EMAIL_NEWS.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_EMAIL_STATISTICS.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_FILE_DELETESECONDS.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_IMG_WIDTHLIMIT.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_IMG_HEIGHTLIMIT.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_METADATA_ALLOW.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_PAGING_MAXLINKS.
* Fix the name of the default constant value of WIKINDX_DEBUG_SQLERROROUTPUT.
* Prevent errors when the config table is not yet initialized during the installation.
* Move the initialisation of the config table in LOADCONFIG table: this prevent misconfigured options.
* Logos without version number.
* Add missing default values for WIKINDX_BASE_URL and WIKINDX_TRUNK_VERSION options.
* Fix the language display and setup.
* Prevent a 404 HTTP error about favicon.ico when a template is not used.

# Feature enhancements

* Implement FULLTEXT searches on some database fields. In QUICKSEARCH and ADVANCED SEARCH, certain fields (abstract, notes, long custom, 
* and metadata such as quotes, comments etc.) are searched on with MySQL's BOOLEAN FULLTEXT methods. This gives a significant speed gain.
* Always display a trace and die when a SQL query fails otherwise a debug is very hard when the debug mode is not on or during an upgrade/installation.
* Add an option to enable/disable the SiteMap.
