+++
title = "6.4.1"
date = 2021-01-29T00:08:41+01:00
disableToc = true
+++

***Focus**: minor bug fixes, maintenance, security*

## IMPORTANT INFORMATION

**The security vulnerability is critical. We advise to update quickly.**

### Bugs fixes

* Typo in changelog.
* Field userkgusergroupsUserGroupId in table user_kg_usergroups should not accept NULL on first install.
* Fix [#304] (missing input when clicking on Quarantine in Admin menu).
* Syntax error in TinyMCE spellChecker code.
* Syntax errors in API doc.
* Remove some leftover print_r() statements.
* Fix a missing icon when deleting a resource.
* Correct totals when paging through the front page list.
* Fix a missing input error in bibliographic/citation styles (bugs [#249] & [#305]).
* Fix a crash on upgrade of step 34 for version 6.4.0. MariaDB and/or MySQL engines don’t support to fill, drop, and create a table in a single transaction.
* Vendor components cannot be enabled/disabled.
* Ensure that user database rows are universally deleted when deleting a user.
* Ensure that logged-in users can attach resources to user tags.
* Ensure that logged-in users can only edit a resource's categories, keywords, and languages if they own the resource or allowed to by the superadmin.
* Add a default value to the users.usersFullname field [#316].

### Maintenance

* The curl_close() function no longer has an effect (PHP 8.0 support) [#265].
* Update future TinyMCE (5.6.2).
* Add browserTabID functionality to the home page.
* Update Smarty (v3.1.38).
* Update style xml files for locales [#308].
* Bump component compatibility version of styles to 5.
* Fix some typos [#310].
* Simplify MySQL/MariaDB version query.
* Full Ukranian translation (thanks to Yuri Chornoivan).
* Set utf8mb4_unicode_520_ci as the default collation of the database.
* Improve browserTabID functionality for single resource views.
* Credits of translators.

### Security

* A cross-site scripting (XSS) vulnerability in many forms of version 6.4.0 allows remote attackers to inject arbitrary web script or HTML via the 'message’ parameter (CVE-2021-3340, thanks to jppuetz).
